Start:Your ant friends tell you about a cookie crumb they've found and that you can get in on this endeavor. Do you A) Follow their lead, there's strength in numbers B) Find your own crumb so you can get major props from the queen
A: You follow your ant friends, it's a long trek but eventually you arrive at a ranch style home, and the smell of cookies is making your little ant face twitch. You all come upon the golden, flaky cookie crumb, the group cheers, you feel a bond start to form. Finally, you feel a part of something! As you go back and forth with your new friends over the coming hours, they start to pressure you to engage in new behavior. You start dressing like them and smoking cigarettes. You have earned the trust of your ant friends, they invite you to one of their secret ant-archist meetings. Do you A) Attend the ant-archist meeting or B) Snitch to the queen
AA: Big mistake, the house always wins. This whole thing has been a sting operation-- er, ants aren't famous for their stingers so the name is being workshopped, but that's neither here nor there. The ant-archist group is employed by the queen to weed out disloyal ants. You wiggle all of your little ant legs as you are tied to a toothpick by your false comr-ants, but resistance is futile. In your last moments, you debate whether this ending is more like 1984 or the Salem Witch Trials, but neither quite fits and this really is not the time for that sort of analysis. There you are, tied to a toothpick stuck in the ground, your ant family laughing maniacally and eating the cookie crumbs you gathered as you are set on fire. Mmm, smoky.:0
AB: You laugh nervously and tell your new ant friends that you'd love to join the ant-archist meeting but first you need to grab your weapons from your little cave in the anthill so that you can donate them to the cause. You skitter away and march right into the throne room (do ants have throne rooms?) to request audience with the queen. The queen listens to your tattletale and everything is silent. 'My sweet bug child, thank you for disclosing this to me. You are honorable and will be rewarded for your demonstration of loyalty'. Her highness opens the crumb vault and passes you one of the yummy crumbs you donated. Congrats, snitch.:30
B: 'I gotta go my own way!' you say to your ant friends, quoting Gabriella from High School Musical 2. They don't seem to care that much but you feel righteous all the same. You decide to march down a classic ant stomping ground, a sidewalk nearby the primary school. Maybe some human children have dropped Oreos, you hope. Within the first few meters of your exploration, you feel a chill and everything goes dark. Above your little ant body is a looming figure, a chuckling kid wielding a magnifying glass. Luckily, he is turned away from you at the moment. Do you A) crawl the short way, directly over the sidewalk, hoping that the boy doesn't notice you B) Attempt a more roundabout and parkour-heavy route?
BA: You sojourn bravely across the sandy expanse of concrete panel. Look at you, going as fast as your stubby little ant legs can propel you! Unfortunately, {0},your best isn't good enough. Womp womp. The little boy turns around and notices you. He chuckles maliciously, and before you know it he is crouched above you, blocking your view of the afternoon sun. The boy raises the magnifying glass, you shudder through your weird little ant pincers, awaiting a painful death like Joan of Arc herself. Waiting... waiting ... you and the boy both kind of sit still there and it begins to get a bit awkward. It becomes clear he doesn't really know how the magnifying glass is supposed to work with the light. He seems kind of embarrassed. You actually took some physics classes back at ant-school, so you offer to help him understand Archimedes' Death Ray which would be the concept at play here, as well as some other basics if he's interested. The boy takes  you to his family's ranch-style home. His parents pay you £12 an hour for the regular tutoring, as well as cookies during the lessons just to take the edge off.:40
BB: You opt to maneuver your way out of danger, or give it the old college try at the very least. The Mission Impossible soundtrack starts to play, the lights dim dramatically despite the fact that you are still outside during the daytime. An unsuspecting pebble skitters innocently in your direction. You launch yourself on top of the little stone. After a heart-stopping few seconds of very fast footwork, you leap from the pebble to a drooping blade of grass. Using your momentum, you swing onto the nearby playground fence. All safe? You certainly think so. The thing about playground fences, {0}, is that they are in close proximity to playgrounds, and playgrounds have slides that children tend to slide down. Static electricity isn't a big deal to most organisms, but when a kid touches the metal chainlink after being on the slide, your ant body smokes out pretty much immediately. You're a failure. You failed. But your ant self wouldn't know that because you're super dead.:10
BC: You opt to maneuver your way out of danger, or give it the old college try at the very least. The Mission Impossible soundtrack starts to play, the lights dim dramatically despite the fact that you are still outside during the daytime. An unsuspecting pebble skitters innocently in your direction, you think fast and launch yourself on top of the little stone. After a heart-stopping few seconds of very fast footwork, you leap from the pebble to a drooping blade of grass. Using your momentum, you swing onto the nearby playground fence. All safe? You certainly think so-- but then you remember something a wise friend once said--  beware static electricity. You eye the children flailing on the playground, careening down the slide with hair sticking up every which-way, and are all too aware of the conductive properties of the metal fence you perch on. You dismount in the nick of time. Sheesh, that was a close one. You're still a bit shaken up from the brush with death and decide to call it a day. You don't have a crumb, but you do have your life,{0}.:20