Start:Okay, so here's the deal-- you're a secret agent for MI6, congrats, very cool. The UK government is very impressed with your exploits and is assigning you a very interesting mission. You get a call from your handler, Geoff, 'So, you know that chapter in Tom Sawyer where he pretends to be dead and then crashes his own funeral?--' '--WHAT?' You rudely interrupt, forgetting yourself. Geoff magnanimously continues despite your indiscretion because Geohn-- sorry, Geoff, is super sexy and super cool and a great guy in general. Geoff says,'You think that's convoluted,{0}? It gets worse. We at MI6 believe that there is a suspicious cookie company in the city, and we're pretty sure they bake microchips into their products at events. We've taken the liberty of adjusting your will so that your dying wish is for this company to cater your funeral. Listen, I know it's pretty involved but we need access to one of those microchips. You being a 'corpse' is a fantastic cover, no one will suspect you. You'll find a natural opportunity to grab one of these cookies at your funeral, and MI6 will give you a holiday bonus. Do you accept, {0}?' A) Yes or B) No
A: 'Great!' Geoff chirps lightly. MI6 has a very quick turnaround, so the next day you're in a dark box, listening to your own eulogy, when the speaker asks everyone to close their eyes for a moment of silence. Do you A) Take the opportunity to exit your casket as stealthily as possible or B) Use the element of surprise and just bust out?
B: 'We at MI6 respect your decision, we'll be in touch soon with another mission. We are at your leisure, and we support you 100%, no worries ~at all~!!' Geoff responds. The next day, your tea tastes weird and you asphyxiate. Your real funeral is catered by the cookie company, and a different MI6 agent steals the cookie and receives your holiday bonus.:0
AA: As luck would have it, the casket hinges are well-oiled. Your exit is silent and goes completely unnoticed. You gingerly shut the casket lid again and tip-toe down the aisle towards the dessert table set up at the back of the venue. In the name of stealth, you decide it's a good idea to use something on the dessert table to disguise your appearance. Do you A) Save time by doing a quick swipe of chocolate icing as a mustache or B) Take a bit more time and apply chocolate sprinkles on your face to imitate stubble?
AAA: You can immediately feel that the mustache is uneven. The moment of silence ends as you're sorting through the cookie spread. Cringe! Someone totally going to recognize you-- but no one does. Apparently they didn't pay much attention to what you looked like even before you were 'dead'. No one likes feeling forgettable, even an MI6 agent despite that kind of being the job description. You find a cookie that is heavier than the rest, pocket it, go outside, and call your handler. You spend your holiday bonus on accordion lessons and start saying kooky words like 'skedaddle' and 'rad'. It's an overcorrection, MI6 decides you're too memorable now, they take you out of the field and just give you a desk job. Could be worse.:30
AAB: Nothing better than a good sprinkle-beard. You lean over the cookie table for a few more sprinkles for the final touchup, but you're a bit dizzy from being carried in the casket so you lose your balance. The crash is absolutely deafening, everyone on the room shrieks, the stained glass windows shatter, and amid the chaos, the ceiling groans. You look up just in time to see a whirring ceiling fan falling. It's pretty unique to die of decapitation these days. Conveniently, {0},you're already at your own funeral. Mission failed.:10
AB: It's about time that you use your black belt. You check that your trusty grappling hook is secure and then drive your knee through the top panel and jump out of your casket, maplewood splinters launching through the air. You stick the landing, epic! It seems that the people at your funeral are not so much awed by your stunt as they are in abject terror. Every single funeral-goer screams at the same time, like an army of petrified tea-kettles. The floor to ceiling windows shatter, as does every other piece of glass in the vicinity, including the candlesticks which set their tablecloths on fire, subsequently triggering the sprinkler system. Meanwhile, the screams have stopped because everyone just passed out at the same time from fear and shock. This all happened in the span of two seconds. You shield your eyes from the spraying water and take a look around. The floor is strewn with mourners, glass shards, and charred tablecloths. Well. That could have gone better, but there's a mission to complete and microchips don't do well in water. Do you A) Sprint directly to the dessert table in the interest of saving precious seconds or B) Take a longer route that avoids the slipperiest part of the floor?
ABA: You decide to run straight down the aisle towards the cookie spread. You make it about two meters before slipping haphazardly do the left, sending you into a flailing pirouette. You slide wildly through pews, ricocheting off of fainted funeral guests like a pinball in an arcade game. At some point, you crash into the dessert table, and dozens of cookies go flying, three go down the back of your shirt which is a particularly disturbing sensation. The angle of your momentum is shifted, and you go tumbling directly out of the nearest window. More unfortunately, you're five stories up. Fortunately, your grappling gun just went off in the direction of a low-flying helicopter. Even more The hook gains purchase! Unfortunately, it gained purchase on a blade of the propellor, and off you go. You're so shaken up that you wouldn't be fit to stand, much less be flung in circles through the sky at heart stopping speed, but life's a bitch and here you are. So throughout the remainder of the chopper's route you , you get sick intermittently, which creates a unique precipitations for the civilians below. As you are whipped around endlessly, you occasionally collide with unfortunate birds whom die on impact in an explosion of bloody feathers. None too soon, the helicopter begins its descent and the propellor rotation gradually slows, you with it. The helicopter gently lands and your grappling hook finally unsettles. You land on a window-washing platform the next building over from the helipad. The platform creaks and you roll through the window falling directly on a spinny office chair. You take a moment to dry-heave, and when you look up, your handler, Geoff, is gaping at you from behind his desk. The silence is punctuated by a gentle, crumbly noise. You both look down at the office tile, where a single cookie sits, having fallen from your shirt. Geoff picks it up, and with an archeologist's precision, scrapes at the cookie's surface to reveal an intact computer chip. 'Mission accomplished, {0},' Geoff congratulates. You go to say something noble but you just end up dry-heaving again. Maybe take a sick day tomorrow.:40
ABB: You take the long way around the room and you can really hear and feel the squish squish squish of every step, but at least you're upright. Unfortunately, by the time you get to the cookie table, everything is soaked.  You sift through the sugary sludge for the microchip, which smells smoky when you find it. Just your luck. You pocket the chip and wander outside, ignoring the sounds of the city's  construction zones and police sirens and whirring helicopters. Your cellphone isn't turning on, so you trudge to the local library. You  ignore the blatant stares of the librarians and readers inside. You use the computer webcam to take a picture of the sodden computer chip and send off the image to Geoff's email. He emails back that there are no hard feelings and that he's proud of you for trying your best! Kidding. He emails back that you are fired. You sell the grappling gun for a one way ticket to Albania where you spend the rest of your days herding livestock in solitude.:20